# **Library Management System**

## **Welcome to the Library Management System**

This application will act as the Database for a library..

## **How it Works:**

When the application starts you will be met with a menu screen
displaying all the available options. Users will follow the given 
prompts to and provided appropriate answers. The application will  
give an organized list of tasks to the user if prompted.

### Getting Started: ###
You will be greeted with the following menu.

**Welcome to the Library Management System**
1. Book Operations
2. User Operations
3. Author Operations
4. Genre Operations
5. Quit

I would like to:

- Choose the appropriate numerical input for what you would like the application to do.

- Follow the prompts based off of your initial input.

    *ex. I would like to 1* 

- You will be brought to book operations, where you will be given a second menu

**Welcome to Book Operations**
1. Add a new book
2. Borrow a book
3. Return a book
4. Search for a book
5. Display all books
6. Back to main menu


- Follow the prompts to complete the requested action
- Once the appropriate action has been completed the application will display a message to confirm.

    *ex. Book,added to the library*

- Once all actions have been completed the user can return to the main menu to preform other actions within the Library.

    *ex. I would like to 6* 

### Features: ###
- Books, Users, Authors and Genres are added directly to your database for ease of use.


- Built in error system that will prompt the user to correct the action, with an error explanation. 

    *ex. "Error:cannot access local variable 'author' where it is not associated with a value."*

- Tracks books, authors, genres, and users to allow the user to check out a book, search for a specific book and return a book. 

- Allows library admin staff to search for users and show what books the user has check out. 



*Library Management System application is a product of FRD APP productions. For any comments, questions or concerns please reach out to our corporate office.*
*Frank Fix It*
*3333 Broken App Lane*
*Cyber Space 0100110*